As you can see, the world is changing in the age of AI, but are people and companies or governments preparing properly? KBS interviewed the vice president of Microsoft, Brad Smith, who visited Korea. I heard what kind of role people should consider in the world where AI will change and what kind of work they are preparing with Korean companies. Good afternoon. Hello, Chairman Lebensung. Microsoft is well known as the starting company of Google in Korea as well as for Bill Gates. We just interviewed the vice president of Microsoft and KBS last year. And yet again, I highly suspect the vice president of Microsoft Bill Gates and you. But first, to answer the question, I will ask questions to AI. You are the leader of the global import culture, aren't you? I won't complain. I saw the New York Times a few days ago. It said that Samsung is reviewing a way to switch its search engine from Google to Microsoft. Did you have any discussions with Samsung about this? So if we can persuade Samsung or others to provide a better service to people, I think we would be delighted to do that. You invested $10 billion in OpenAI. It's a huge amount of money, more than 13 trillion won in Korean won. Could you explain a little more about MS's specific goal to achieve through AI? Microsoft is really focused with OpenAI on creating what we call the AI supercomputing infrastructure. We provide the technology on which OpenAI builds these models. And then we provide the data centers, including in Korea, so that people are accessing them. But I think our goal fundamentally is to take technology to a higher level. So I asked a few questions about artificial intelligence technology to the AI that answers the question. First, in the era of technology, will it help humanity or threaten it? Then the answer is, the impact it has on humanity is a double-edged sword. It all depends on how human beings use it. And I think our role is to identify where there are risks and put in safeguards or guardrails to protect against its abuse. Then I asked the AI itself what side effects it is worried about. Then it said, I don't need to worry about side effects. AI is a machine. It's the job of us as humans to worry. It's my job, our job at Microsoft to worry. It's our job to hope. Recently, Elon Musk of Tesla and some AI experts have said that we need to stop developing high-tech AI for at least half a year. What is MS's position? How we get the best value out of this technology, how we improve schools and opportunities for students, how we use it to advance health care, how we put new rules in place. If we just stop for six months, I don't think the world is going to look very different in September or October than it does today. But I'd first say, step back. 40 years ago, calculators became popular and some people said, oh, students will no longer need to learn math. The best students use calculators to get better at math, including many people here in Korea. Now, do the same thing with AI. If you want to learn another language like English, use AI to help you. What do you think is the area where you can gain strength from Korean companies? Is there a specific plan for Microsoft to cooperate with Korean companies in this area? We do think AI is something that will enable them to continue to be even more successful, not just here at home, but really on a global basis. In the end, it was an interview to look back on the era of technology, the fact that it is not AI that takes responsibility for the future, but people who make and use it. I look forward to seeing you again with technology that is more beneficial to people. Thank you for your time today. Thank you very much. Thank you.
